PCA constructs orthogonal - mutually uncorrelated - 

linear combinations that (successively) explains as much common variation as possible. 
Actually, PCA can be done based on the covariance matrix as well as the correlation matrix, 
not only the latter one. Scaling the data matrix such that all variables have zero mean and unit variance 
(also known as "normalizing", "studentisizing", "z-scoring"), makes the two approaches identical. 

: PCA는 등분산과 공분산에 기초하여 설명될 수 있다. 모든 변수에 대하여 0일 평균과 이에 기초한
분산 구조를 갖게끔 하는 데이터를 스케일링은 "normalizing", "studentisizing", "z-scoring 이 대표적이다.

This is because the covariance between two normalized variables *is* the correlation coefficient.

: 이는 두 정규화 된 변수간의 공분산이 상관계수가 되기에 두 변수의 경우 두 변수에 대한 접근을 동일하게 만드는 
특성을 가진다.

Should you log-transform?

: 로그변환에 관하여 

If you have variables that always get positive numbers, such as lenght, weight, etc., and that showes much more variation with higher values (heteroscedasticity), 
a log-normal distribution (i.e., normal after log-transformation) might be a clearly better description of the data than a normal distribution. 
In such cases I would log-transform before doing PCA. 

: 길이, 가중치 등과 같이 길이, 무게와 같이 항상 양수인 성격을 값이 클수록 큰 값임을 의미하는 변수의 경우,
해당 데이터에 대하여 로그 정규 분포가 일반의 정규 분포보다 보다 명확한 설명을 할 수 있다.

Log-transforming that kind of variables makes the distributions more normally distributed, stabilizes the variances, but also makes your model multiplative on the raw scale instead of additive. 
That is of course the case for all types of linear models, such as t-tests or multiple regression. 
That's worth a thought when you interpret the results.

: 로그 변환을 하면 분포가 보다 정규 분포화 되고 분산이 안정화되긴 하지만, 가산이 포함된 결과이므로 명확히 상대적 비교라고 해석할 순 없음.

Should you scale the data to mean = 0, var = 1?

if all your variables are measured on the same scale and have the same unit, 
it might be a good idea *not* to scale the variables (i.e., PCA based on the covariance matrix). 
If you want to maximize variation, it is fair to let variables with more variation contribute more. 

On the other hand, if you have different types of variables with different units, 
it is probably wise to scale the data first (i.e., PCA based on the correlation matrix).
